docs: fix Node.js preset copy (#2775)
flint-fyi/flint: packages/site/src/content/docs/rules/node.mdx

| Preset                                    | Recommended   | Description                                                                             |
| ----------------------------------------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **[`logical`](#logical)**                 | ✅ Always     | Common rules for finding bugs and enforcing good logical practices in Node.js files.   |
| **[`stylistic`](#stylistic)**             | ✅ Always     | Common rules for consistent styling and best stylistic practices in Node.js files.     |

> | **[`stylisticStrict`](#stylisticstrict)** | ☑️ When Ready | Additional rules for consistent styling and best stylistic practices in Node.js files. |

Reviewer: "Node.js" isn't really a file type in the same way that Markdown is.  It's a runtime with a set of APIs.  Recommend tweaking the language to reflect that.

```suggestion
| **[`logical`](#logical)**                 | ✅ Always     | Common rules for finding bugs and enforcing good logical practices in code that uses Node APIs.   |
| **[`stylistic`](#stylistic)**             | ✅ Always     | Common rules for consistent styling and best stylistic practices in code that uses Node APIs.      |
| **[`stylisticStrict`](#stylisticstrict)** | ☑️ When Ready | Additional rules for consistent styling and best stylistic practices in code that uses Node APIs. |
```
